just like the Buffalo with it go food
this is the NBA on 2k Sports welcome
fans and a terrific NBA season continues
to take shape it'll be the Phoenix Suns
facing off against the Houston Rockets
see you at the half
and there's a shot earlier of the
Rockets preparing for action
we're alive the home of the Rockets in
wonderful Houston Texas
this is 2k sports bringing you the NBA
I'm Kevin Holland call me action with my
broadcast partners speaker and Clark
Kellogg the starting fun this is our
lineup brought to you by state pause and
guys what do you think we'll be seeing
from marcin Gortat in this one well the
thing that I like about Gortat is how
deceptive he is in the ways that he
scores and he can score in transition he
can catch in the paint with either hand
and finish he can knock down a jump shot
and he doesn't look like a star but he's
developing into one yeah you know what
fever really is he might not be the
biggest guy but Gortat thrives on
contact he can take a punch to just just
I've watched him in attempts just
leaning into you and bumping into you
working your way down the floor he can
definitely wear a player down with all
of it this game it is two marks the
start of a home stand for the Rockets
after dropping the first three games of
the season they need to turn it around I
mean you know during the course of a
long season every team hits what I call
a speed bump on a case this team is in
that in that stretch right now
and I wouldn't discount them they've
still got a chance to be really good
this could very well just be a bump in
the road yeah but it could be a pretty
big bump Clark because I mean they have
not looked very good lately not at all
like what we'd expect them to so I mean
I think they'll turn it around I think
you're probably right but you never know
it's not a sure thing or the Houston
Rockets they come in off the wash could
be Utah janitors their shot selection in
that loss stood out to me guys too much
one on one play not enough ball movement
it certainly was not an example of team
basketball Steve I mean there's no
question about that
Lin gets a screen from Patterson
on the wing husband a fader the basket
good off the assist from wind and I'm
not really sure that's the time for the
fadeaway jumper but he gets it to go
and Phoenix I thought was one of the
surprise teams in the Western context a
year ago and one of the reasons was that
they really played well within the
conference I think a lot of people
expected them to struggle against that
deep Western Conference could they play
well and a much better record than that
most people predicted baggage kicks -
stole wide open shot no good and Houston
the other way
now a little going spur create a chance
to talk with head coach Kevin McHale we
talked about some of the matchups he'll
be watching in this game he told me I'll
be looking at how we deal with marcin
Gortat inside he's a guy who can score
in any number of ways
posting up pulling up from outside or
rolling to the rim and he's also a
factor on the glass guys for top might
not do that household name but he's an
impact big man in the NBA
no question great thanks for the report
Doris and you look at how they played
last year they finished 23 and 25
against the West which is a bad market
but by any means for a 500g yeah but the
Suns know that hovering around 500
overall and against the West really is
really on the cutting Kevin I mean
adding depth of punch should help them
compete against those tough Western
Conference boys
amazing what Jeremy Lin has had to
overcome throughout his career always
been a winner in fact his high school
team went 32 and won and won the
California state title and he was even
the California high school state Player
of the Year and still didn't get a
single division 1 scholarship offer
ended up paying his own way at Harvard
catching up on the changes for Houston
auntie Eunice comes in for Patrick
Patterson and Delfino has subbed in for
Chandler Parsons dragons with it
defended by Lin
it's Beasley on the wing he dishes at
the Dublin launches a free
feeds it to gorge on tipped away clock
management this is where Steve they can
get a two-for-one yeah I think it makes
sense as long as the first one's a good
one and now you play D get the ball back
in one more shop
Steve you mention harbor life
scholarships Harvard has produced more
US presidents that has NBA players well
that's something to be sated about
Harvard its focus is obviously on
divided energy producing leaders and
Jeremy went undrafted Lin did mostly
rolled the bench in his first season and
bounced around a little bit but when the
opportunity presented itself in New York
he was ready to take advantage of credit
him for that no good
here's Delfino averaging eight points a
game Huggy an amazing finish with a hand
greatness face hardens got his third
basket of the night right there good
game so far as we can go
Rockets lead by one
the second quarter will get underway
for this short break
you